Default status label for mysql (#11)
last9/openapm-nodejs: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.2.2] - 2023-08-28

### Added

> - Error metrics for DB queries where status label with values of `success` and `failure` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Track the success or failure of database queries with the `status` label in the `db_requests_duration_milliseconds` metric. Supported values - `success` and `failure`.
```
